Deploy Commands template and initial command (#1)
Shivranger/Garthulu: README.md

*I'm sorry Jon...*

### Built with https://discordjs.guide

## Running the bot locally

> Run `deploy-commangds.js` before starting the bot with `npm start`. 

Author: ```suggestion
Run `node deploy-commands.js` before starting the bot with `npm start`. 
```
